Create 1-introduction.md & README.md (#40)
Vaibhavpratapsingh22/Courses: 5-dbms/README.md

# Data Management System(DBMS)

A database management system refers to the technology for creating and managing databases. DBMS is a software tool to organize (create, retrieve, update, and manage) data in a database. The main aim of a DBMS is to supply a way to store up and retrieve database information that is both convenient and efficient.

## Chapter 1 - Introduction

> In this chapter we will discuss about database, data management system, DBMS types, its uses and advantages of using DBMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will learn about Database, data management system, DBMS types, its uses and advantages of using DBMS.
```

> ## Chapter 2-  Data Modeling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Chapter 2 - Data Modeling
```

Reviewer: There is uneven spacing around hyphens. Correct that for chapter 3,4,5,6

> ## Chapter 2 - Data Modeling
> 
> ## Chapter 3- Database Architecture
> 
> ## Chapter 4- RDBMS
> 
> ## Chapter 5-  Extensions of DBMS
> 
> ## Chapter 6 - ORDBMS
> 
> ## Chapter 7 - Advanced Management of Data
> 
> ## Chapter 8 - MongoDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Chapter 2 - Data Modeling

## Chapter 3 - Database Architecture

## Chapter 4 - RDBMS

## Chapter 5 - Extensions of DBMS

## Chapter 6 - ORDBMS

## Chapter 7 - Advanced Management of Data

## Chapter 8 - MongoDB
```

# Data Management System(DBMS)

A database management system refers to the technology for creating and managing databases. DBMS is a software tool to organize (create, retrieve, update, and manage) data in a database. The main aim of a DBMS is to supply a way to store up and retrieve database information that is both convenient and efficient.

> ## Chapter 1- Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Chapter 1 - Introduction
```

Reviewer: There is a space after number. Adjust the following chapters as well.

> In this chapter we will discuss about database, data management system, DBMS types, its uses and advantages of using DBMS.

Reviewer: There is too much "In this chapter". Let's try to get over this term - otherwise, it will be found 100 times written in our repo.
